Bacnet Weather
A simple application that allows all your BACnet devices access to forecasted and current
condition weather.

About this program
------------------
The program uses Steve Karg's BACnet implementation for communication, and uses Michael John's
libxoapweather library to access The Weather Channel's SOAP API. See the readme.txt and
README.XOAPweather for more about the respected code used here.

INSTALLATION
------------
The only dependencies in are the curl-dev package and the libxml2-dev package. These are
available for Windows as well as Linux, although I haven't attempted to build using Windows yet,
but there's no reason why this shouldn't work.

You'll need a LKEY and a PID from the weather channel, which they will e-mail you after you sign
up to use their API.

It should be noted that any machine that is already running a bacnet application (such as WebCTRL
server) should not be used, do to port conflicts.

You should just need to untar the package, run make and then add your PID and LKEY to the 
weather.conf file in the doc directory. Set the LOCID to your zipcode, and you can use
the FORECASTED_DAYS setting to set how many days you want of forecasted weather.

After setting all this up, just run the bacserv app in the bin directory, and away it should
go.

POINTS LIST
-----------
Current Conditions
0 Current Conditions Temp
1 Current Conditions Feels Like Temp
2 Current Conditions Humidity
3 Current Conditions Visibility
4 Current Conditions Dew Point
5 Current Conditions Barometric Pressure
6 Current Conditions UV Index
7 Current Conditions Wind Speed
8 Current Conditions Wind Gust
9 Current Conditions Wind Direction (Degrees from North
Last Time Weather was Updated
10 Hour
11 Minute
12 Month
13 Day
14 Year
Forecasted Weather (Starts with Current Day)
15 High Temperature
16 Low Temperature
17 Chance of Percipitation during the day
18 Chance of Percipitation during the night
19 Wind Speed during the day
20 Wind Speed during the night
This pattern continues for the next four days
